Rework OSDK intros + Golang examples (#28372)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-golang-run-in-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/osdk-golang-tutorial.adoc

[id="osdk-golang-run-in-cluster_{context}"]
= Running as a deployment inside the cluster

You can run your Operator project as a deployment inside of your cluster.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.Before Beginning

Certain image references throughout the default project should be updated to supported image tags:
- In the top-level `Dockerfle`, change the "builder" and "runner" images from `golang:1.15` and `gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot` to `registry.svc.ci.openshift.org/ocp/builder:rhel-8-golang-1.15-openshift-4.7` and `registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8/ubi-minimal:latest`, respectively. Additionally, remove the `USER: nonroot:nonroot` directive as it is not required by the recommended supported image.
- In `config/default/manager_auth_proxy_patch.yaml`, change the `gcr.io/kubebuilder/kube-rbac-proxy` image reference to `quay.io/openshift/origin-kube-rbac-proxy:{product-version}`.

```

Author: Made them just the first step in the procedure.

Author: And is `registry.redhat.io/openshift4/ose-kube-rbac-proxy` the correct downstream image, instead of the quay.io OKD one?

.Procedure

> . *Build and push the image.*

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the bold highlighting from this module - the rest of the modules in the assembly don't use it, and it looks weird in context.

> .. Before building the Operator image, ensure the generated Dockerfile references the base image you want. You can change the default "runner" image `gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot` by replacing its tag with another, for example `alpine:latest`, and removing the `USER: nonroot:nonroot` directive.

Author: Should this `gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot` image be replaced with something more RHEL-relevant for the downstream doc? UBI image?

Reviewer: Yes, with `registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8/ubi-minimal:latest`, ex:
```suggestion
.. Before building the Operator image, ensure the generated Dockerfile references a supported base image. You should change the default "runner" image `gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot` to `registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8/ubi-minimal:latest`, and removing the `USER: nonroot:nonroot` directive.
```

Reviewer: Actually documenting substitutions is probably better to do at the [top of the page](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/28372/files#r561284763).

Author: @estroz Thanks, I've expanded the substitutions step and create a separate substep for the directive removal. See [updated preview](http://file.rdu.redhat.com/~adellape/010621/osdk_concepts/operators/operator_sdk/golang/osdk-golang-tutorial.html#osdk-golang-run-in-cluster_osdk-golang-tutorial).

> Actually documenting substitutions is probably better to do at the [top of the page](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/28372/files#r561284763).

I couldn't tell what was being linked to here. Where did you think this step should be moved? Under [Creating a new project](http://file.rdu.redhat.com/~adellape/010621/osdk_concepts/operators/operator_sdk/golang/osdk-golang-tutorial.html#osdk-golang-create-project_osdk-golang-tutorial), maybe?

Reviewer: My [review](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/28372#pullrequestreview-572628505).

> .. Before building the Operator image, ensure the generated Dockerfile references the base image you want. You can change the default "runner" image `gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot` by replacing its tag with another, for example `alpine:latest`, and removing the `USER: nonroot:nonroot` directive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Before building the Operator image, ensure that the generated Dockerfile references the base image that you want. You can change the default "runner" image, `gcr.io/distroless/static:nonroot`, by replacing its tag with another, for example `alpine:latest`, and removing the `USER: nonroot:nonroot` directive.
```

Author: Broke this apart per other Eng feedback.

> .. To build and push the Operator image, use the following `make` commands. Modify the `IMG` argument in the example below to reference a repository that you have access to. You can obtain an account for storing containers at repository sites such as Quay.io, which this example uses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. To build and push the Operator image, use the following `make` commands. Modify the `IMG` argument in the following steps to reference a repository that you have access to. You can obtain an account for storing containers at repository sites such as Quay.io, which this example uses.
```

> ... Build the image:

Reviewer 2: I'd split up these steps.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ export USERNAME=<quay_username>
----
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ make docker-build IMG=quay.io/$USERNAME/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
----

... Push the image to a repository:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ make docker-push IMG=quay.io/$USERNAME/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> The name and tag of the image, for example `IMG=<registry>/<user>/<image_name>:<tag>`, in both the commands can also be set in your Makefile. Modify the line which has `IMG ?= controller:latest` to set your default image name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The name and tag of the image, for example `IMG=<registry>/<user>/<image_name>:<tag>`, in both the commands can also be set in your Makefile. Modify the `IMG ?= controller:latest` value to set your default image name.
```

====

. *Deploy the Operator.*

> .. By default, a new namespace is created with name `<project_name>-system`, for example `memcached-operator-system`, and is used for the deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. By default, a namespace is created with name `<project_name>-system`, for example `memcached-operator-system`, and is used for the deployment.
```

I'd edit this line to put the action first.

+
Run the following command to deploy the Operator. This also installs the RBAC manifests from `config/rbac`:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ make deploy IMG=quay.io/$USERNAME/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you have enabled webhooks in your deployments, you must have cert-manager already installed in the cluster or the `make deploy` command will fail when creating the cert-manager resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you enabled webhooks in your deployments, you must have `cert-manager` already installed in the cluster or the `make deploy` command will fail when it attempts to create the `cert-manager` resources.
```

====

> .. Verify that the `memcached-operator` is up and running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Verify that the `memcached-operator` is running:
```
